Throughout the process of creating this project I have learned quite a few things. Nearly everything we have done in class so far has been something new to me and it was a challenge to understand all of it in the beginning and there is still a lot I don't know, but it has definitely gotten easier. I feel that this class is important and it is an eye opener as a history major because I have only experienced history in a certain way and now I have a whole new perspective and I see that history is moving in a more modern direction. 

The process of scanning artifacts and archiving them properly is very time consuming and there is a lot of criticism that goes with it as to how it is perceived through the eyes of someone other than the person who took the time to make a model. In 'The Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction', Walter Benjamin argues that the original piece is what gives an object value. "The presence of the original is the prerequisite to the concept of authenticity" (Benjamin, 1969). He believes that the history of the original artifact gives it value and not the object itself. Latour and Lowe, however, disagree and believe that the replicates of an artifact make it valuable and allow it to reach a larger audience which correlates with the argument for the digitization of historical artifacts into 3D models (Latour, 2010). 

I found the bust of Saint Thomas Aquinas on the Ottawa University website and only because I was specifically looking for a sculpture, otherwise I would never have heard of the saint or the bust itself. Then I had to go to Simard Hall and get a scan of the bronze sculpture which, of course, did not go well the first time. I had to take individual pictures of the artifact and upload them to Trnio for the model to look a little better. I imported it to Sketchfab where I have already recieved two likes on my model. By actively showing interest in the artifact and making it available to the public on a larger platform has quickly brought it to people who might have never seen it even though it is imperfect and incomplete from the experience of seeing it in real life. The idea of digitizing historical artifacts and making them available to the public is a great one and it is being done by people who have much better equipment and skills than me.
